dynamic host volumes: document option for node pool governance (#24826)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/other-specifications/namespace.mdx

### `node_pool_config` Parameters <EnterpriseAlert inline />

- `default` `(string: "default")` - Specifies the node pool to use for jobs or
  dynamic host volumes in this namespace that don't define a node pool in their
  specification.

- `allowed` `(array<string>: nil)` - Specifies the node pools that are allowed

>   to be used by jobs or dynamic host volumes in this namespace. By default, all

Reviewer: GH won't let me suggest changes to both L115 and 116 in a single comment (grrr).

Suggest:
Specifies the node pools that jobs or dynamic host volumes are allowed to use in this namespace.

to replace the "are allowed to be used" construct

  node pools are allowed. If an empty list is provided only the namespace's
  default node pool is allowed. This field supports wildcard globbing through
  the use of `*` for multi-character matching. This field cannot be used with
  `denied`.

- `denied` `(array<string>: nil)` - Specifies the node pools that are not

>   allowed to be used by jobs or dynamic host volumes in this namespace. This

Reviewer: L122-123 suggest:

Specifies the node pools that jobs or dynamic host volumes are not allowed to use in this namespace.

  field supports wildcard globbing through the use of `*` for multi-character

>   matching. If specified, any node pool is allowed to be used, except for those

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  matching. If specified, jobs and dynamic host volumes are allowed to use any node pool , except for those
```
